README.md, before:

[![Discord][discord_shield]][discord_url] ![Last commit][last_commit_shield]

# HeadhunterBot

HeadhunterBot is a Discord bot written in Python that retrieves information about a player, clan, war, and more. It sends the information as a formatted message in the chat, such as an embed.

---

## Features

- Retrieves information about a player, clan, war, and more from Clash of Clans API
- Written in Python with Discord API and interactions
- Open for suggestions and ideas for new features


###### Issues and Resolutions

The old `discord-py` library became outdated and stopped receiving updates due to a decision made by Discord. I had to rewrite the entire project for another library that had a major update, which presented its own set of challenges. However, the HeadhunterBot is now running smoothly with the updated library.

###### Planned Features

Here are some features that are planned for the future:

- Detailed statistics for players
- Activity tracking for players
- Automatic updates for statistics that have been implemented
- Wiki page for additional information

These features are aimed at improving the functionality and usefulness of the HeadhunterBot. Stay tuned for updates and progress on their development!

---

## Installation

To install HeadhunterBot, follow these steps:

1. Copy the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the requirements: 
   - [interactions](https://pypi.org/project/discord-py-interactions/) (`pip install -U discord-py-interactions`) 
   - [coloredlogs](https://pypi.org/project/coloredlogs/) (`pip install coloredlogs`)
   - [pyclasher](https://github.com/201st-Luka/PyClasher.git@v1.0.0-alpha1) (`pip install git+https://github.com/201st-Luka/PyClasher.git@v1.0.0-alpha1`)
   
   by simply running
   
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
   
3. Register a Discord bot on the official Discord site [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Manually copy the token in the `Bot/Variables.py` file to the `discord_api_token` variable.
4. Create a ClashofClans API key on the [official ClashOfClans site](https://developer.clashofclans.com/#/) here. Copy the token and paste it in the `Bot/Variables.py` file, replacing the authorization bearer in the `clash_of_clans_headers` dict.
5. Run the Admin.py script once to create the database with all needed tables.
6. Lastly you have to run the `admin.py` script once to create the database with all needed tables.

You're done! Happy coding.


<!---links--->
[discord_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-blue?logo=discord&logoColor=white
[discord_url]: https://discord.gg/j2PAF9Wru8
[last_commit_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/201st-Luka/HeadhunterBot

Commit message:

updated project files
made contributing clearer, README.md actualisation, issue templates

README.md, after:

[![Discord][discord_shield]][discord_url] ![Last commit][last_commit_shield]

# HeadhunterBot

HeadhunterBot is a Discord bot written in Python that retrieves information about a player, clan, war, and more. It 
sends the information as a formatted message in the chat, such as an embed.

- Retrieves information about a player, clan, war, and more from Clash of Clans API
- Written in Python using interactions.py and my own PyClasher ClashOfClans API wrapper
- Open for suggestions and ideas for new features 

You can demand for features in the "issues"-tab.


###### Issues and Resolutions

The old `discord-py` library became outdated and stopped receiving updates due to a decision made by Discord. I had to 
rewrite the entire project for another library that had a major update, which presented its own set of challenges. 
However, the HeadhunterBot is now running smoothly with the updated library.

Errors and bugs may still occur, please report them on Discord or using the GitHub issues tab (you are also welcome to
correct them by yourself by forking the repository and committing the resolution using a pull-request).

###### Planned Features

Here are some features that are planned for the future:

- Detailed statistics for players
- Activity tracking for players
- Automatic updates for statistics that have been implemented
- Wiki page for additional information

These features are aimed at improving the functionality and usefulness of the HeadhunterBot. Stay tuned for updates and
progress on their development!

---

## Contributing

For contribution, please read the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file.


<!---links--->
[discord_shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-blue?logo=discord&logoColor=white
[discord_url]: https://discord.gg/j2PAF9Wru8
[last_commit_shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/201st-Luka/HeadhunterBot
